.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH grex-sync 1  "grex-sync " 
.SH NAME
grex\-sync \- Git fetch and pull (recurse by default)
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBgrex\-sync\fR [\fB\-\-recursive\fR] [\fB\-\-workspace\fR] [\fB\-n\fR|\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR] [\fB\-q\fR|\fB\-\-quiet\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-validate\fR] [\fB\-\-ref\fR] [\fB\-\-only\fR] [\fB\-\-force\fR] [\fB\-\-parallel\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fIPACK_ROOT\fR] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
Git fetch and pull (recurse by default)
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-recursive\fR
Recurse into child packs
.TP
\fB\-\-workspace\fR=\fIWORKSPACE\fR
Override the workspace root. Defaults to the parent pack\*(Aqs root directory; children resolve as flat siblings
.TP
\fB\-n\fR, \fB\-\-dry\-run\fR
Plan actions without touching the filesystem
.TP
\fB\-q\fR, \fB\-\-quiet\fR
Suppress per\-action log lines
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-validate\fR
Skip plan\-phase validators. Debug\-only escape hatch
.TP
\fB\-\-ref\fR=\fIREF\fR
Override the default ref for every pack in this sync invocation. Accepts a branch, tag, or commit SHA. Empty strings are rejected
.TP
\fB\-\-only\fR=\fIGLOB\fR
Restrict sync to packs whose workspace\-relative path (or name) matches the glob. Repeat the flag to OR\-combine multiple patterns (standard `*`/`**`/`?` semantics). Non\-matching packs are skipped entirely — no action execution, no lockfile write
.TP
\fB\-\-force\fR
Re\-execute every pack even when its `actions_hash` is unchanged from the prior lockfile. Overrides the M4\-B skip\-on\-hash short\-circuit; dry\-run semantics are unchanged
.TP
\fB\-\-parallel\fR=\fIPARALLEL\fR
Max parallel pack ops during this sync run (feat\-m6\-1).

Semantics: * Absent → default `num_cpus::get()` resolved in `verbs::sync`. * `0` → unbounded (`Semaphore::MAX_PERMITS`). * `1` → serial fast\-path (preserves pre\-M6 wall\-order). * `2..=1024` → bounded parallel.

Env fallback: `GREX_PARALLEL` is honoured only when the flag is absent. Clap reads the env var automatically via `env`.

Distinct from the global `\-\-parallel` on [`GlobalFlags`]; that knob is documented as the harness\-level worker cap and rejects `0`. Sync parallelism uses `0` as the "unbounded" sentinel per `.omne/cfg/concurrency.md`.
.RS
May also be specified with the \fBGREX_PARALLEL\fR environment variable. 
.RE
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help (see a summary with \*(Aq\-h\*(Aq)
.TP
[\fIPACK_ROOT\fR]
Pack root. Directory holding `.grex/pack.yaml`, or the YAML file itself. When omitted, `sync` prints the legacy M1 stub and exits 0
